by RentAnAdviser.com
You gotta go and get angry
at all of my honesty
You know I try but I don′t do
too well with apologies
I hope I don′t run out of time.
Could someone call a referee?
′Cause I just need one more
shot at forgiveness
I know you know that I made those
mistakes maybe once or twice
And by once or twice I mean maybe
a couple of hundred times
So let me‚ oh‚ let me redeem‚ oh‚
redeem‚ oh‚ myself tonight
′Cause I just need one more
shot‚ second chances
Yeah
Is it too late now to say sorry?
′Cause I am missing more than
just your body‚ oh
Is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah‚ I know oh oh‚ that
I let you down
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
I am sorry yeah
Sorry yeah
Sorry
Yeah‚ I know that I let you down
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
I will take every single piece of
the blame if you want me to
But you know that there is no innocent
one in this game for two
I will go‚ I will go and then you go‚
you go out and spill the truth
Can we both say the words‚
say‚ forget this?
Yeah
Is it too late now to say sorry?
′Cause I am missing more than
just your body‚ oh
Is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah‚ I know oh oh‚ that
I let you down
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
I am not just trying to
get you back on me
′Cause I am missing more than just
your body (your body)‚ oh
Is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah‚ I know oh oh‚ that
I let you down
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
I am sorry yeah
Sorry‚ oh
Sorry
Yeah‚ I know oh oh‚ that I let
you down (let you down)
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
I am sorry yeah
Sorry‚ oh
Sorry
Yeah‚ I know oh oh‚ that I let
you down (let you down)
Is it too late to say I am sorry now?
www.RentAnAdviser.com